The doctor said Xiao Xiao's left leg
Do you know what that means?
I gave you a chance
I used to be a dancer too
Xiao Xiao inherited my dream
Five or six years old
It started to change
But it's because of me
If I were him
Now I will never be able to dance
Mother daughter contact
It's nothing compared to what I'm asking for
Please. Please believe me
Don't die first
Why don't you speak?
Just like your mute mother
I'm going to hear it today
How should parents speak?
I'm your daughter!
Mom ah ah ah ah
Put his ten fingers
Fill me with needles
Ahhhh!
He doesn't talk.
He must be very unconvinced
Hurt my nanny
I'm going to give him a taste of what it means to live rather than die
Put his hands on the toes
I want him to do it again
Lin Jingying is not the wife's biological daughter
how
Are you still thinking of asking Yunzhou to save you?
Madam, please take my call
Hello ma'am
The report is out.
Lin Xiaoxiao is not your biological daughter
But we've compared it to the full data.
It has been found and your DNA.
Who is the match?
DNA results revealed that
Mu Xinxin, she is your biological daughter